Adds Docs for the Call Permit Precompile (#93)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: builders/toolkit/ethereum-api/precompiles/call-permit.md

With the final hash and the v, r, and s values, the signature can be [verified and recovered](https://github.com/moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam/blob/ae705bb2e9652204ace66c598a00dcd92445eb81/precompiles/call-permit/src/lib.rs#L211-L223){target=\_blank}. If successfully verified, the nonce will increase by one and the call will be dispatched.

## Setup the Contracts {: #setup-the-example-contract }

For this example, you'll learn how to sign a call permit that updates a message in a simple example contract, [`SetMessage.sol`](#example-contract). Before you can generate the call permit signature, you'll need to deploy the contract and define the `dispatch` function arguments for the call permit.

Once you've set up the example contract, then you can set up the Call Permit Precompile contract.

### Checking Prerequisites {: #checking-prerequisites }

> To follow along with this tutorial, you will need to have your wallet configured to work with your EVM appchain and an account funded with native tokens. You can add your EVM appchain to MetaMask with one click on the [Tanssi dApp](https://apps.tanssi.network/){target=\_blank}. Or, you can [configure MetaMask for Tanssi with the demo EVM appchain](/dapp-developers/developer-toolkit/ethereum-api/wallets/metamask/){target=\_blank}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To follow along with this tutorial, you will need to have your wallet configured to work with your EVM appchain and an account funded with native tokens. You can add your EVM appchain to MetaMask with one click on the [Tanssi dApp](https://apps.tanssi.network/){target=\_blank}. Or, you can [configure MetaMask for Tanssi with the demo EVM appchain](/builders/toolkit/ethereum-api/wallets/metamask//){target=\_blank}.
```
